In the last lecture we use state to finally be able to change our state and therefore our name from
within the component.
But there's one thing which can be really confusing.
We learned that we need to call re-act dorm room render again to update the dorm but we still only call
it one time here at the very bottom.
So why does this still work.
That if I click that button it changes even though react arm doesn't get called Well it changes because
we call sets state here and what state said state does behind the scenes as it forms react.
That's something about this component changed and therefore it re-act will basically call render the
dom so react on render again.
So we don't need to do that.
We can conveniently just work with our data change the state and so on and re-act will recognize that
we changed a state.
The state is something which may get changed and therefore which may impact the way our dorm looks like.
So re-act will reconstruct or dom and render it again and reactionless will do this in a very efficient
way.
It only changes what needs to be changed.
So it doesn't really render everything it just compares to old Dom to the new one.
And it actually diasters word shaly with a word child on just like view chased us to make this very
efficient.
So it doesn't need to parse the actual Dom but simply just parts just a virtual copy of the old Dom
and the virtual version of the well nuda arm and then only changes in the real Dom what changed.
The two word build arms that is how reactivates works how we use components and how we use that state
to be able to change components.
That certainly is different to beauty.
Yes it's just reactivates logic and it's best to just keep thinking in this reactor's logic if you want
to use re-act chase with that core thing out of the way.
Let's go back one step and let's learn more about how we can actually style everything here.
Change styles dynamically and also how we may use conditionals.
So if blocks to only render content at some times and how we may output lists.